hello everyone welcome to our course
of design and animation in 3-d with cinema
is the number 10 choice today we are going to
see the last type of nurbs that we
it was about the hyper nur we had
seen the previous lessons the rest
of the types of standards and we leave this
last the and bolts for the end because
is the most important of the most
uses the hyper will not allow us
develop more simply
organic models what the hyper does
nur is smoothing the edges in models
that have little polygons
I will show you in a simple way how
act if we have a cube
and we divide it into segments of we put
three segments at x three segments ali and
we leave a segment for depth
if we convert that inevitable object and
then we put it as the dog's son
the hyper is not going to subdivide it in this
view is not seen but if we select the
hyper are not going to see that our cube
now it has a lot more
large subdivisions and at the same
time softens the edges
in this way we can activate and
disable hyper nur to be able to
model our cube as if it were
of an object subdivided and with edges
curved we can then select each
one
and its polygons and handle it like
we want to be able to model if
we deactivate the hyper we are not going to give
account for the deformations that we were
doing let's go from zero we're going to
start from a sphere in this case and
instead of 24 segments we are going to do it
of 2
let's go for a practical and simple case
of modeling with hyper nur let's do
which is expected to be an editable object and
let's apply a hyper nur
to her
we turn off the hyper nur we can
select
these two faces for example
and destroy them
inward
to generate through the hyper nur
eyes
we can make another extrusion more
to achieve an effect
and in this case you are going to see that yes
I did render
the hyper is going to generate a series of
subdivisions but not enough
as to avoid these
details on the edges what can I
do then is go to that and bolts and
apply more subdivisions in editor in
two times I'll put three with what
which is going to multiply the amount of
subdivisions and I'm going to have a render
much sharper
the same thing we can do
for the case of the mouth of this face
let's instruct
and we can also
select
the polygons of the sides for
also exclude them
and generate some species of ears
I could add a neck in this
case what we should do to
add the neck is to go to the tool
of selection
and use a cyclical selection
that will allow us to select with
greater ease
then we return to the tool
Exclude
and we do not one but two exclusions
to achieve the effect we need
see as in this way
applying and explaining the hyper nur us
we are guiding to do a modeling
organic
that's all for today thanks for continuing
the lessons of this course I hope that
they are very useful to you and that
Any doubt leave us your comment or
consultation at www point more resources
dot com
until next time